1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
First, I chose Python as the development language and Flask as the development framework.
I also considered Django and the Spring framework. But in the end, I chose Flask mainly because for this small job,
Flask's functions are powerful enough to handle it, and the code has a more concise structure, making it easier to
develop and read. Django and spring are also very excellent frameworks, but they are more suitable for large projects.
Then, I used Postman to test the API. I can easily send various requests to server and view the response results to
verify the correctness of the function.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
Advantages:
- The code structure is simple and clear, and the code is easy to read and maintain.
- Flask allows for quick and easy setup, faster development, especially for smaller projects.
- Using Postman for testing allowed for comprehensive and effective testing of API endpoints, ensuring they meet the expected outcomes.

Disadvantages:
- Performance is not as good as other languages such as Java and C++. Python might not be the best choice for high-performance requirements
- Flask's scalability is not as good as Django's. Flask is more suitable for small projects, and Django is more suitable for large projects.
  Its lack of certain built-in functionalities and conveniences found in more full-fledged frameworks like Django or Spring.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
My favorite project this semester is that my group and I are designing a project to collect and analyze satellite data
through a web crawler. My group and I are helping a non-profit organization of scientists collect satellite data.
Because Musk's Starlink system has greatly increased satellite data, scientists can no longer use handwriting to obtain data.
Automating the entire process will be the most efficient way.
Challenge:
1. In the process of designing this project, we have to keep in touch with the non-profit organizations to ensure that
our project meets their needs. Communication is not a simple matter. Many times they do not understand what many technologies represent.
We need to use various methods to understand their needs, etc.
2. Obtain accurate data. By using Scrapy, I designed a crawler to efficiently obtain network data and ensure the accuracy of the data.
Among them, I need to process a large amount of duplicate data and invalid data.
3. Data processing and storage, we use mysql database to store and call data
4. In order to make the data more useful and better visualized, we need to write front-end code to make the crawler’s csv file more readable.
5. Maintain communication and learn technologies you don’t understand